Q:  Why did Faure rely so much on the viola section in his Requiem?
A:  Because he wrote it for the dead.

A violist in an orchestra was crying and screaming at the oboe
player sitting directly behind him. The conductor asked, "What are
you so upset about?"
The violist replied "The oboist reached over and turned one of the
pegs on my viola and now it's all out of tune!"
The conductor asked "Don't you think you're overreacting?"
The violist replied "I'm not overreacting! He won't tell me which
one!"

Q:  How is lightning like a violist's fingers?
A:  Neither one strikes in the same place twice.

Q:  How do you keep your violin from getting stolen?
A:  Put it in a viola case.

Q:  What's the difference between a violin and a viola:
A:  The viola burns longer.
A:  The viola holds more beer.
A:  You can tune the violin.

Q:  How do you get a viola section to play spiccato?
A:  Write a whole note with "solo" above it.

Q:  How do you get a violist to play a passage pianissimo tremolando?
A:  Mark it "solo"

Q:  What's the difference between a viola and a coffin?
A:  The coffin has the dead person on the inside.

Q:  What's the difference between a viola and an onion?
A:  No one cries when you cut up a viola.

Q:  What's the definition of a minor second?
A:  Two violists playing in unison.

Q:  What's the definition of "perfect pitch"?
A:  Throwing a viola into a dumpster without hitting the rim.

Q:  What's the difference between a viola and a washing machine?
A:  Vibrato.

Q:  How can you tell when a violist is playing out of tune?
A:  The bow is moving.

Q:  How was the canon invented?
A:  Two violists were trying to play the same passage together.

Q:  Why do violists leave their instrument cases on the dashboards
    of their cars?
A:  So they can park in "handicapped" spaces.
A:  If someone mistakes them for mafia, they might get some respect.

Q:  Why don't violists play hide and seek?
A:  Because no one will look for them.

Q:  What's the most popular recording of the William Walton viola concerto?
A:  Music Minus One

Q:  What do a viola and a lawsuit have in common?
A:  Everyone is happy when the case is closed.

Q:  Why do violists get antsy when they see the <i>Kama Sutra</i>?
A:  All those positions!

Q:  Why can't you hear a viola on a digital recording?
A:  Recording technology has reached such an advanced level of development
    that all extraneous noise is eliminated.

Q:  What instrument do violists envy most?
A:  The harp.  You only ever have to play pizzicato on open strings.

Q:  How do you transcribe a violin piece for viola?
A:  Divide the metronome marking by 2.

Conductor: "Start three measures before the <i>da capo</i>."
Principal violist: "Hold on!  We don't have measure numbers."

A group of terrorists hijacked a plane full of viola players. They
called down to ground control with their list of demands and added
that if their demands weren't met, they would release one viola
player every hour.

Q:  Why did Beethoven rely so much on the viola section in his Missa Solemnis?
A:  Because he was stone deaf when he wrote it.

